# Forward

This is the informal, but the real license agreement for
  this code. It starts with some opening statements that
  do not relate to the license. The next section contains
  the informal license and the final section contains
  the text for the alternative licenses that can be used
  instead.

Though this code is free and requires no attribution to
  use; giving attribution is one way of letting the coder
  know that their code was useful and saying thanks.
  However, attribution in a document or on a users site can
  often be missed by a coder. One way to make sure your
  gratitude reaches the coder would be to take time to say
  thank you to the coder outside of the formal attribution
  statement, such as in their github repository.

Although this license does not require you to use a
  permissive copy write for software that uses this code,
  it is still nice to to publish code under a more
  permissive license that could be used by anyone. I guess
  the thought is keep the free code coming so that society
  can benefit from our work.  

# Informal license (DWYW)

## Overview of the DWYW license

This code is licensed under the DWYW (do whatever you want)
  license. You are granted permission to do whatever you
  want with this code. However, to ensure that all
  legalities respect at least on license this license also
  includes three alternative licenses; the BSD-0 license,
  the CC-0 license; and the MIT license.

## What you can do under the DWYW license

Under the DWYW license the coder(s) (author(s)) of this
  code has waved all rights to fees and attribution for use
  of this code.  You are free to modify, distribute,
  publish, copy, sublicense or use this code. You are free
  to sell software without any payment or attribution that
  uses this code or any derivatives that the seller has
  made to this code. This without payment statement
  applies when this code is under and protected by
  copy write, patent, or any other system that would limit
  use of this code or make this code non-free. You are
  free to licenses any derivative code or software that
  uses this code under any license.

The previous statement should cover all uses that a user
  should be interested in, but if a use is not under this
  list, then the use falls under the do whatever you want
  with this code statement, which means it is allowed. The
  only exception is that you are not allowed to engage in
  legal action, reparations, or any other negative actions
  against the coder(s) or other users of this code for
  publishing or use of this code. However, this exception
  does not apply to any modifications you add to this code
  or parts of software that use this code.

## Liability under the DWYW license

The liability statement is the same as the BSD-0 license.

The software is provided "as is" and the author disclaims
 all warranties with regard to this software including all
 implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. In no
 event shall the author be liable for any special, direct,
 indirect, or consequential damages or any damages
 whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits,
 whether in an action of contract, negligence or other
 tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the
 use or performance of this software.

## Alternative, formal licenses you may use instead

If this license is not acceptable to you, then you can
  treat this code as if it is under the public domain in
  places that recognize the public domain. However, if the
  public domain is not recognized or can not be used, then
  you may choose one of three alternative licenses; The
  BSD-0 license, CC-0 license, or the MIT license.

If none of these license are recognized or can not be used
  then this code falls under the most permissible license
  possible, which still waives all liability for the
  coder(s).

If a triple licensed code is not recognized or can not be
  used, then this code is licensed under the BSD-0 license.
  If the BSD-0 license is not recognized then this code
  falls under the CC-0 license. However, if the CC-0
  license is not recognized then this codes falls under the
  MIT license.

# Alternative license statements

## BSD-0 license

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this
software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby
granted.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

## MIT license

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions
of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

## CC-0 license

CC0 1.0 Universal

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world
automatically confer exclusive Copyright and Related
Rights (defined below) upon the creator and subsequent
owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work
of authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those
rights to a Work for the purpose of contributing to a
commons of creative, cultural and scientific works
("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear
of later claims of infringement build upon, modify,
incorporate in other works, reuse and redistribute as
freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any
purposes, including without limitation commercial
purposes. These owners may contribute to the Commons to
promote the ideal of a free culture and the further
production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or
to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work
in part through the use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and
without any expectation of additional consideration or
compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work (the
"Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily
elects to apply CC0 to the Work and publicly distribute
the Work under its terms, with knowledge of his or her
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning
and intended legal effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available
   under CC0 may be protected by copyright and related or
   neighboring rights ("Copyright and Related Rights").
   Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not
   limited to, the following:

  i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform,
     display, communicate, and translate a Work;

  ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s)
      and/or performer(s);

  iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a
       person's image or likeness depicted in a Work;

  iv. rights protecting against unfair competition in
      regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in
      paragraph 4(a), below;

  v. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use
     and reuse of data in a Work;

  vi. database rights (such as those arising under
      Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of
      the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection
      of databases, and under any national implementation
      thereof, including any amended or successor version
      of such directive); and

  vii. other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights
       throughout the world based on applicable law or
       treaty, and any national implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not
   in contravention of, applicable law, Affirmer hereby
   overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
   unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of
   Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated
   claims and causes of action, whether now known or
   unknown (including existing as well as future claims
   and causes of action), in the Work (i) in all
   territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration
   provided by applicable law or treaty (including future
   time extensions), (iii) in any current or future
   medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
   purpose whatsoever, including without limitation
   commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the
   "Waiver"). Affirmer makes the Waiver for the benefit
   of each member of the public at large and to the
   detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully
   intending that such Waiver shall not be subject to
   revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or
   any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the
   quiet enjoyment of the Work by the public as
   contemplated by Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver
   for any reason be judged legally invalid or
   ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver
   shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted
   taking into account Affirmer's express Statement of
   Purpose. In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so
   judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person
   a royalty-free, non transferable, non sublicensable,
   non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional license
   to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in
   the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for
   the maximum duration provided by applicable law or
   treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in
   any current or future medium and for any number of
   copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including
   without limitation commercial, advertising or
   promotional purposes (the "License"). The License
   shall be deemed effective as of the date CC0 was
   applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of
   the License for any reason be judged legally invalid
   or ineffective under applicable law, such partial
   invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the
   remainder of the License, and in such case Affirmer
   hereby affirms that he or she will not (i) exercise
   any of his or her remaining Copyright and Related
   Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated
   claims and causes of action with respect to the Work,
   in either case contrary to Affirmer's express
   Statement of Purpose.

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

  a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are
     waived, abandoned, surrendered, licensed or otherwise
     affected by this document.

  b. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no
     representations or warranties of any kind concerning
     the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise,
     including without limitation warranties of title,
     merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
     non infringement, or the absence of latent or other
     defects, accuracy, or the present or absence of
     errors, whether or not discoverable, all to the
     greatest extent permissible under applicable law.

  c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights
     of other persons that may apply to the Work or any use
     thereof, including without limitation any person's
     Copyright and Related Rights in the Work. Further,
     Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any
     necessary consents, permissions or other rights
     required for any use of the Work.

  d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative
     Commons is not a party to this document and has no
     duty or obligation with respect to this CC0 or use of
     the Work.

For more information, please see
<http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>
